Buffers:
A buffer generally refers to a file loaded in memory for editing, although there are also buffers that are not associated with a file.
The use of buffers allows you to work with multiple files at the same time. They are open files that are red into memory.
They are located in RAM and can have unsaved modification in comparison of the file version in your file system.
Essentially they are similar to file tabs that are opened in an ide, except that the name is at the bottom left side.
leader-pv would open netrw and open up a new file. Some plugins would help to give the file names at the top.
:bprevious (or :bp) and :bnext (or :bn) would help us navigate between them.
Telescope's leader+fb allows us see them all and jump between them.

Registers:
A register is a kind of clipboard, a memory space in which text can be saved.
There are several kinds of registers. Some of them are filled automatically when you do some actions, like yanking or deleting text.
More information can be found in the help by typing :help registers.

Windows:
Sections on the screen where we open various or the same buffers.
:vsplit and :split will open up a new window of the same buffer. <C-direction> (custom keymap) to switch between windows.
<C-w>-capital_direction flips the selected window to the one next to it based on the direction chosen.
<C-w>-arrow increases/decreases the size of the selected window. (This doesn't work atm. Need to remap anyway.)
:q closes the selected window. :<C-w>-v brings it back up. Having all windows closed, closes the application.
:bd closes the buffer, including both windows if it was a split. An empty window will still remain open if all buffers were closed.
This last state is being with all files closed and nothing in memory. Unless a greet screen is present, this is also the starting state.

Tabs:
A set of windows that are opened in a different section.
:tabe . opens netrw and allows us to open a new window in a different tab. Tabs are present at the top left of the screen.
<C-w>-T puts the selected buffer window in a new tab.
:gt flips between tabs.

Conclusion:
One of the superpowers of vim is being able to manipulate buffers in any windows or tabs but still having them separate
to visually see or do what needs to be done.
